Name: Kasjan Siwek
sunet id: kasjan

Project Title - kv3d - Kasjan's Viewer 3d

Project goals:
The project's focus was learning Vulkan and producing a 3d renderer capable of displaying .obj. 
Per my proposal, it was supposed to visualize 3d objects similar to how Cardinal3D does, including
a moving camera, and support for lighting and materials. 


Project state:
Unfortunately I have failed to achieve most of these goals, so I don't expect a lot of points :)

The current state of the project is:
It compiles and runs, and renders viking_room model, same as in vulkan-tutorial.com
The code is way more abstracted, and I expect it's going to be easy to add more objects.
My next goal is to recreate scene from Shading exercise, and then go through those exercises.


More in depth overview + sources:
My main goal was grokking Vulkan and its data flow and that was mostly succesful, so in this it was a success.
I started with http://vulkan-tutorial.com and that gave me good intro on what individual low-level elements do.
But it didn't describe Vulkan at high level, so afterwards I still didn't "get it", and I had trouble editing the 
code to display two seperate objects at once.

I kept exploring more materials, most of my time went into learning. What helped me the most in the end:
- overview videos from GetIntoGameDev - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NVlG9TFT1c
- excellent examples from SaschaWillems - https://github.com/SaschaWillems/Vulkan/tree/master 
Sascha's abstractions made a lot of sense to me, so I decided to refactor my code by extracting similar abstractions.
That really made me understand how Vulkan components communicate. I still need to clean up Framebuffers, but other than
that the division make sense (vulkan_buffer.h could use better styling).

I also added models and textures from https://github.com/stanford-cs248/shading , as I want to recreate those visuals next
and follow-up with shading exercises. As that's next on my TO-LEARN list.

Unfortunately I ran out of time. Vulkan is so low level, debugging it all took me a while, and work has been busy.
So all my program does is render viking_room.obj model with viking_room.png texture